Data structures - footgun is an odd term (#29350)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/data_structures/index.md

console.log(result); // 421
```

> Implicit coercions are very convenient, but can result in problems when conversions happen where they are not expected/wanted, or where they are expected to happen in the other direction (for example, string to number instead of number to string). For [symbols](#symbol_type) and [BigInts](#bigint_type), JavaScript has intentionally disallowed certain implicit type conversions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implicit coercions are very convenient, but can create subtle bugs when conversions happen where they are not expected, or where they are expected to happen in the other direction (for example, string to number instead of number to string). For [symbols](#symbol_type) and [BigInts](#bigint_type), JavaScript has intentionally disallowed certain implicit type conversions.
```
